[RM Ch09] Add CI/CD design requirements (#2179)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter09.md

<p align="center"><b>Table 9-4:</b> Automation CI/CD</p>

> #### 9.5.2.2 CI/CD Design Requirements

Reviewer: @collivier 
section numbering ->9.5.2.3

A couple of CI/CD pipeline properties and rules must be agreed between the
different actors to allow smoothly deploy and test the cloud infrastructures
and the hosted network functions whatever if the jobs operate opensource or
proprietary software. They all prevent that specific deployment or testing
operations force a particular CI/CD design or even worse ask to deploy a full
dedicated CI/CD toolchain for a particular network service.

At first glance, the deployment and test job must not basically ask for a
specific CI/CD tools such as [Jenkins](https://www.jenkins.io/) or
[Gitlab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/). But they are many other
ways where deployment and test jobs can constraint the end users from the
build servers to the artifact management. Any manual operation is discouraged
whatever it's about the deployment or the test resources.

The following requirements also aims at deploying smoothly and easily all CI/CD
toolchains via simple playbooks as targeted by the Reference Conformance
suites currently leveraging [XtestingCI](https://galaxy.ansible.com/collivier/xtesting).

> Ref #           | Description                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ref #           | Description                                                                                                    | Comments |
```

> ----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|
```

> design.cicd.001 | The pipeline must allow chaining all deployment and test operations from baremetal to the network services     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.001 | The pipeline must allow chaining of independent CI/CD jobs | For example, all deployment and test operations from baremetal to Kubernetes, OpenStack, to the network services   |
```

> design.cicd.002 | The pipeline should be modular to only execute a subset of the overall steps                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.002 | The pipeline should be modular | this allows execution of jobs independently of others, for example, start with an existing OpenStack  deployment   |
```

> design.cicd.003 | The pipeline must decouple the deployment and the test steps                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.003 | The pipeline must decouple the deployment and the test steps                                                   |  |
```

> design.cicd.004 | The pipeline should leverage the jobs artifacts proposed by the CI/CD tool                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.004 | The pipeline should leverage the job artifacts specified by the CI/CD tool                                     |  |
```

> design.cicd.005 | The pipeline must execute all relevant Reference Conformance suites as they are                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.005 | The pipeline must execute all relevant Reference Conformance suites without modification                                |  |
```

> design.cicd.006 | All single jobs must not ask for a specific CI/CD tool                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.006 | Software vendors/providers must utilise operator provided CI/CD tools                                                        |  |
```

> design.cicd.007 | All single jobs must be packaged as containers                                                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.007 | All jobs must be packaged as containers                                                                 |   |
```

> design.cicd.008 | All jobs should leverage a common execution to allow templating all deployment and test steps                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.008 | All jobs must leverage a common execution to allow templating all deployment and test steps                  |  |
```

> design.cicd.009 | The deployment jobs must publish all outputs as artifacts in the best formats (OpenStack RC, kubeconfig, etc.) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.009 | The deployment jobs must publish all outputs as artifacts in a specified format | For example, OpenStack RC, kubeconfig, yaml, etc. Anuket shall specify formats in RC |
```

> design.cicd.010 | All test jobs must download all inputs as artifacts in the best formats (OpenStack RC, kubeconfig, etc.)       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.010 | Test jobs must provide all inputs as artifacts in a specified format | For example, OpenStack RC, kubeconfig, yaml, etc. Anuket shall specify formats in RC       |
```

> design.cicd.011 | All test jobs should conform with the Reference Conformance test case integration requirements                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
design.cicd.011 | Test jobs must conform with the Reference Conformance test case integration requirements                 |  |
```
